hello to all swami malika
this channel princess celestia today would
make a review on my new toys may
little pony and this girl equestria
pony lyrics from the rainbow rocks collection
let's see the box itself
the box we made rainbow
rocks
logo equestria girls and also
in the box we have a portrait or rivers
on the back of the box we have
full-length girl Rarity Japan
reality
here it is written we are a girl from equestria
On shmulka this magic
Here is such a box, let's
let's unpack this set and take a closer look
and so it unpacked the very doll Reiki
let's first see pony itself
rarity they girl pony rarity itself
us white and she has new
the colors in the mane are like green
yellow and light pink also
light purple and blue
Well, I just recently told her
did her hair straight
that write in the comment as she does not
It was normal conventional train hairstyle
I wanted a blue curl here that did not
it was like to believe them so on the side
also her tail is only a few
flowers it
dark purple light purple
anchor mark for three ceased as you
already know her head is moving
different sides here and her way if
did you notice she has an eye pattern i
Not for this tree whit brand three crystals
that's because it's rainbow rocks
Here is such a ponyka now I will show myself
Ku Ku Ku Ku Ku I put on
delivery ever after high but it 's not his
The doll itself was attached to the kit
cory rich here too white
and she also has a pattern near her eyes.
darker
three crystals have ears naturally
and in my hair I also have new colors
only it is yellow and pink
light pink
Here are the universities of the university purple and she
by the way blue eyes and she has eyes
crystal pattern well, as if a diamond
really liked it when she payment system
lying in a box I think it's like
Zelentsov and this week call this
some other material here and prototype
Odintsov just a pattern like that
my payment is a well inside the points
the dress she has horror fingers herself
denim and a pleased color here
she has a skirt by the way she too
it is removed from the top of the violet light
their light pink here she has
such shoes are themselves purple
colors here and look at these 2 minutes not
shoes you can your boots purple
color and boots there are here
chains of biscuit mark and and crystals
side view
these shoes are removed and
each rainbow rocks pupa has
many because the first wave of girls
Istra had no legs
arms but they move different sides and and
forgot to tell you what she has on
shoulders and ours do not know can say
the necklace is only worth the axis but this is it
silver color and there is a sort of
equestria girls logo is all
rubber here and now I will tell you what
we would be supposed to sort this first
accessory this piano guitar can be so
say well here iridescent light from
kyutimarka find only purple
the crystals here she dresses on poo
google me easily
here well here and here hold this
guitar guitar piano
big big big look great
on the bottle can be so that she kept and
Here this Klim point she clings itself
guitars like that on rubber
there is a special hole
there was a piano guitar also in the set
such a card was attached with
portrait of rarity here and comb
purple ray ray borax laying
Radio in general, that this here was naborchik
thanks for watching put huskies and
subscribe to my channel for everyone bye